hello this is wampire here with another
Chima lego set review this is set number
70 127 and it's another really good one
for a small size set I have to say that
the figure is really good and so is the
animal / vehicle that he is on this is
the Box front and this is the box the
back side let's see you guys can kind of
see the other animals they have
available okay so here is the toy a
little bit closer as you can see the
articulation with this a ball and joint
ball socket type of joint articulation
is is really really good 360 degrees
plus plus can do this kind of action as
well same kind of action in the pause
right here I didn't put any of the
stickers on this detail that you see
right here was already on there so
pretty much this is the way it looks
without any of the stickers and you can
see that it still looks good I'm sure
it's going to look a lot nicer with the
stickers but a lot of times I like to
modify it and stuff so I don't do that
anyway the articulation like I said it's
really good I think it actually does
look like a wolf so that is a total
success interesting detail right here is
in the tail this this actually both of
these pieces are to me kind of rare and
kind of interesting right here you can
see the tail is kind of a softer rover
so you can see it it does bend a little
bit and that is attached to this piece
right here which is a very interesting
connector piece right there so anyway
this is the finger the figure for all of
these the Chima guys have been really
really awesome in my opinion oh they
give you his armor piece
which is awesome ended on top of that
this is special magical sword as you can
see the this sword actually comes in two
parts right there it's this a
translucent blue stuff which I think
would look really good as a staff
perhaps and then the should what should
I call it a lightsaber hilt basically
and then the translucent shield which I
do like as well once again that the
details on the figures is just amazing
as far as the the details go and his
face is uh you know this is a beast
animal looking face and it also has a
back print as well and just a mask
itself looks very very nice lots of
detail on the mask and I really like
that it's it's not just a face that's
printed on it's it's a mask of an actual
shape so that's very very cool alright
so let me bring out the other animals
that I own in this set and this line i
think is really really good as you saw
some of the other animals that is
available in this in this line right
here and this the size of a set I think
you're getting a good deal as far as the
animals go and also the figures included
and pretty much like if you look at the
lion and the wolf they're very very
similar in construction and in design so
that the alligators one that's very
different out of the three here and I do
i do like the alligator he has
definitely this chomping action and the
detail of the eye right there once again
I didn't put any of the sticker so any
kind of details that you see like the
mouth right here this was already
printed on also the scale features the
reptilian skin it just that they gave
him this kind of you know the almost
like Fang looking type pieces it's very
nice it's very nice i do like it the
lion and the wolf like i said very
similar to each other the main
difference comes in to take
as you can see this is one of the main
differences the wolf has the tail that i
showed you before the lion has more like
a it's almost like a elephant's trunk
looking piece the idea is the same the
way it connects and the other main
difference other than the color is the
face the faces is the main difference
there are other smaller minor
differences but the overall construction
is is very very similar so if you look
at the face of both of them like the
lion's mouth it does move like so and of
course head is articulated on that ball
joint and then here's the wolf's mouth
both of them have a much smaller mouth
compared to be the alligator so out of
the three um if you kind of want that
chomping action I would definitely
recommend the alligator out of these
three and between these two I think it's
just preference you might actually pick
a certain one because you like a certain
character better okay so thank you for
watching and take care of folks
you